---
title: Project Reporting Planning Meeting Notes

---

# Project Reporting Planning Meeting Notes

## 20211129

Attendees: Dani, Katie, Marlon, Jordan, Christine

- getting two sentences about everything that happens, and just doing an interview/more sentences about just a few.
-  deliverables - we need what some will look like (Marlon, and Ignacio - one version of Ignacio with two sentences, one version of Ignacio expanded)
- Menu of models of deliverables (stewardship report, news story, annual report story, printout for a showcase, yearbook!, slack channels where we can share) so people can get a sense of what these will become (Katie will get these together)
- dani can knock out 2 more in december/january (christine suggested Tica and Zane; also Claire).

## 20211027

Attendees: Dani, Katie, Marlon, Jordan 

- dani share with jordan the protocol i am using to get these interviews, so the LLUFs can do this (dani will draft steps for this) - share this doc in the ll-admin channel
-- katie can help test the LL canvas account auto recording meetings (can involve casey and luke in this as well)
-- decision point is where LLUFs will be creating these docs (dani doesn't have to figure this out, just create a doc and decisions can be made later)
- to ignacio's questions: an initial summary and piece of media just goes up in slack. if that is turned into something more, than more approvals will be needed
- as drafts: ignacio (with the media taken) and some on marlon (LLUFs can interview marlon!)

## 20210924 Project Reporting

Attendees: Dani, Katie, Marlon

LL Developments:



* [Document Production Workflow](https://docs.google.com/document/d/136W5QI-X2fHtCzhR6n2c3T8m2-3Z67-kL84FNziIzI0/edit#) - connected to project reporting
* Every project that lives in the airtable has an automated project log doc.
    * Marlon and Katie trying to figure out a system about turning these into reports

Overarching questions:



* _What is the most low-effort way to design this content? Turning the work we are already doing into content for these project reports._
* _How can we capture five minutes of writing that happen during meetings? A place to write, a recording?_

Initial prototypes:



* Camera drop in session
* PFs at an FTC session (just one session)
    * Myrzinn
    * One other FTC session?
* Erika’s session @ FTC

Workflow: 



* For P&P side:
    * Set up a 15 minute zoom/or meeting in LL with Marlon, we record our meeting, I’ll put together the transcription, Marlon will ask questions and say some framing language
* For LL:
    * 1) Nudge MDFs for show and tell during weekly meetings that are recorded and transcribed 2) schedule more check ins, with who needs it at the moment they need it (Katie and Jordan don’t need to always be there, but know that material is being produced for this storytelling project)
    * Maybe changing the language on the project request form to reflect more of the story

A question bank: what are the types of questions that help to tell the story? ex):



* What was the need
* How did you do it
* What are the further consequences/implications of this thing

Remember that there are Text-driven things for events and projects, but there will also be Media-driven things (where the media produced is really cool and is what the lead is)

Publish to a slack channel (less than bok-news, so less pressure and needs to be less polished)



* Use ll-story-lab for planning and working on this project
* **Prototype** posting these in a new channel **the-2021-2022-show**; use ll-show-your-work in the future

Next steps:



* Dani to put this notes doc in HackMD-in one doc
* Marlon will post in ll-story-lab: The 2021-2022 show, we’re going to be reporting on events and stories that happen across the Bok Center.
* Work on initial prototypes


## 20210901 Project Reporting

Attendees: Dani, Katie, Marlon

_How does airtable organize the information_

_And what deliverables do they want_

Biweekly reports and midyear reports collected in Airtable



[Copy of 2020–2021 BPF midyear report [TEMPLATE]](https://docs.google.com/document/d/169LwfrpjulKMId5cdihlw_UNLr5gk-200Y666i5Kfwo/edit)

Capstone Gallery on Bok website (materials submitted via Canvas)

[It's Been a Year: How to Incorporate the next cohort into the PF Capstone Gallery](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YIVnR_BLYtqlK2KIBku41d126oeVasGupgIWvBgMFng/edit)

Schema for PF capstones



* name, dept, etc
* capstone file
    * sometimes in open scholar this is actually the file (pdf) hosted on bokcenter open scholar
    * sometimes a URL sending you elsewhere (google slides, etc)
* summary (text)

To pitch as a peer service



* Find a couple of the coolest things that the PFs have done, and interview them (maybe even over slack)
* No extra work would be required of PFs
* Some could be turned into a new story

we’re looking for PUBLIC



* updates (for a timeline of updates)
* project reports (for little project reports we’ll post around the Bok Center or in Bok News)
* [Could use two questions from biweekly reporting](https://airtable.com/shrDnzN8N73XzIvYN)

Could have a separate base that is more storytelling focused

Rebecca and pamela could take this small reports/updates and use them as the basis for news stories (for the best ones)

Projects in progress should have some sort of visibility (so people could collaborate while things are still in flight!) 

Recipe card size posters could be posted in the fellows room to give more visibilty

Next time:



* Start thinking about initial prototypes of things we might print
* Will think about a slack channel to use