---
title: Victoria Andrews 20230907
tags: [updates]

---

# Victoria Andrews 20230907

## [application](https://airtable.com/appER3UOwZSXxxqEA/tblxzbWopU0fJvUaD/viwLPNBOz8mqYyFPh/rec6fBnoWvbhwfA98?blocks=hide)


## areas of interest



## messy notes


Met with anne and shaun in august - they’ll email faculty to let them know that Tori is the HAA MDF. later on, if tori has something to pitch, she’ll go to a faculty meeting to present. Tori wants to talk about what projects to pitch to them that we think would be appealing to those faculty. That would happen later in the semester.

Tori knows there is a printmaking one in the spring with Jennifer Roberts
Her own class that she is TFing this fall, HAA81
she’d like to bring them this fall (HAA 81) for a workshop and already has a date in mind. Final project on scalar - digital final project - break up into teams, pick a team name, mascot, color. Work on a scalar page together and try to connect pages together. She’s already in touch with George from ATG, they have a session with him the last week of september. First week of october they have to pick everything for their group. October 5 or 6 she’d like to introduce them to diff digital tools they can use on their website. She’d like them to make a team pin, brainstorm with the cards thinking nonlinearly, thinking about major themes and questions and think about how to connect them. At the end of the hour they can present. 
Dani held October 6, 1:15-2:15pm for this workshop. Enrollment is between 13 and 15.
She also wants them to do a thing with block prints, giving them an understanding of historical materials. Bringing the past to the present and using what we have in the present to better understand the past. Woodblock prints is what she wanted but would be fine with the rubber. Doing a print workshop, thinking textile, but could even be doing them on a booklet. Print them, make them, stencils. Thinking of using an indigo dye
That will be the week before thanksgiving
Dani held november 7, 1:15-2:15pm for this workshop. Not sure of exact title yet
Jk suggested oral reflections
Cd suggested testing with llufs

Tori asked if we do 2nd year MDFs, she thinks she’ll be in cambridge next year, and would like to do longer term projects

Screen printing could work well with Ewa Lajer-Burke’s spring course
Tori is teaching buddhist monuments in the spring so there might be interesting things to do with 3d modeling, could be helpful to bring the students in to workshop ideas, present

Tori’s goals:
Working with dynamic presentations
Thinking of joint graphics and 3d labs
Her advisor is enthusiastic about tori learning realitylab stuff and may want to come in
Moving things from 2d to 3d
Tori and alexia are hoping to do a J-term course
Tori’s adviser is going to send an intro email to Jennifer Roberts. Tori has already sent a j-term breakdown of what they’re thinking to her advisor so maybe that is going to be sent to Jennifer Roberts by her advisor?
Cd said we’re happy to join a meeting to help

Tori asked about budget to worry about - she’s hoping matlab will let them do materials printing there. She asked about screen printing here and booklets and stuff.
Cd said we can talk with marlon
Madeleine brought up the art space in adams and the 3d printer etc
