---
title: 20230310 MDF Meeting
tags: [meetings]

---

---
tags: meetings
---

# 20230310 MDF Meeting

## updates
* menu with DD
* toolTimes!

## end of year events

### Do we want to have one?
* invite new MDFs and have you guys run the stations?
* when would we do it? last year was May 19

### Does anyone want to join me in making montages of MDF greatest hits?
Slack me now so I can get some working time on the calendar for a group of us.

Elitza, Emily, maybe Yue and Shanni?

### all LL showcase?
* maybe May 11 in the afternoon?

## show and tell

on cards - What have you been working on this term so far? What have you made?

## Horizons activity with MK
* HAA: possible to do a series for all grad students (not only G3's like it is now)
* or modeling this on archaeology and anthro courses where G5s/G6s do a professional development course
* emphasize professional development
* practicing for conferences
* in MCB, fall retreat every year where anyone can practice giving a presentation
    * used to do a grad-focused one and have floated idea of doing G4 symposium (during summer maybe)

MDFs run series of three workshops with our help in their departments - if we get 10 students per departments! that would rock!

